Support easier construction of nb::typed forms (#1012)
wjakob/nanobind: docs/changelog.rst

  with unsorted indices. (PR `#981
  <https://github.com/wjakob/nanobind/pull/981>`__).

> - Functions that return ``nb::typed<nb::object, ...>`` now support copy and move
>   construction, making it more ergonomic to return that type. (PR `#1012

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``nb::typed<T, ...>`` now supports construction from ``T``, making it more
  ergonomic to return values with type annotations. (PR `#1012
```
